add misc RN entries (#54683)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes.adoc

* It is not possible to create a macvlan on the physical function (PF) when a virtual function (VF) already exists. This issue affects the Intel E810 NIC. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2120585[*BZ#2120585*])

> * There is currently a known issue when manually configuring IPv6 addresses and routes on an IPv4 {product-title} cluster when converting to a dual-stack cluster. Newly created pods become stuck in the `ContainerCreating` status. Currently, there is no workaround. This issue is planned to be addressed in a future {product-title} release. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-4411[*OCPBUGS-4411*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There is currently a known issue when manually configuring IPv6 addresses and routes on an IPv4 {product-title} cluster. When converting to a dual-stack cluster, newly created pods become stuck in the `ContainerCreating` status. Currently, there is no workaround. This issue is planned to be addressed in a future {product-title} release. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-4411[*OCPBUGS-4411*])
```

> * There is currently a known issue when manually configuring IPv6 addresses and routes on an IPv4 {product-title} cluster when converting to a dual-stack cluster. Newly created pods become stuck in the `ContainerCreating` status. Currently, there is no workaround. This issue is planned to be addressed in a future {product-title} release. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-4411[*OCPBUGS-4411*])

Reviewer 2: Use "remains" instead of "stuck".

> * When an OVN cluster has more than 75 worker nodes, simultaneously creating 2000 or more services and route objects can cause pods created at the same time to hang in the `ContainerCreating` status. If this problem occurs, entering the `oc describe pod <podname>` command will show events with the following warning: `FailedCreatePodSandBox...failed to configure pod interface: timed out waiting for OVS port binding (ovn-installed)`. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-3470[*OCPBUGS-3470*])

Reviewer 2: Use "remains" instead of "hang": "...can cause pods created at the same time to remain in the ...."

Use present tense: "...command shows events with...

> * When an OVN cluster installed on IBM Public Cloud has more than 60 worker nodes, simultaneously creating 2000 or more services and route objects can cause pods created at the same time to hang in the `ContainerCreating` status. If this problem occurs, entering the `oc describe pod <podname>` command will show events with the following warning: `FailedCreatePodSandBox...failed to configure pod interface: timed out waiting for OVS port binding (ovn-installed)`. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-3470[*OCPBUGS-3470*])

Reviewer: This is a duplicate of the line 2763

Author: @JoeAldinger the engineer on the ticket had them as separate entries: one generally and one for IBM Public Cloud. The former on line 2763 is actually already in the [4.11 RN](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/release_notes/ocp-4-11-release-notes.html#ocp-4-11-known-issues)...do you think we could omit the former since it's already been addressed and keep the latter since it's new?

Reviewer 3: Hey @jldohmann we can do this! Would you like to do it in this PR or would you like me to add it to my clean up PR?

Author: @opayne1 cool 😎 i can add it in this PR, no problem

Reviewer 3: 🙏

> * When an OVN cluster installed on IBM Public Cloud has more than 60 worker nodes, simultaneously creating 2000 or more services and route objects can cause pods created at the same time to hang in the `ContainerCreating` status. If this problem occurs, entering the `oc describe pod <podname>` command will show events with the following warning: `FailedCreatePodSandBox...failed to configure pod interface: timed out waiting for OVS port binding (ovn-installed)`. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-3470[*OCPBUGS-3470*])

Reviewer 2: Same  two comments as above.

> * When an OVN cluster installed on IBM Public Cloud has more than 60 worker nodes, simultaneously creating 2000 or more services and route objects can cause pods created at the same time to hang in the `ContainerCreating` status. If this problem occurs, entering the `oc describe pod <podname>` command will show events with the following warning: `FailedCreatePodSandBox...failed to configure pod interface: timed out waiting for OVS port binding (ovn-installed)`. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-3470[*OCPBUGS-3470*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When an OVN cluster installed on IBM Public Cloud has more than 60 worker nodes, simultaneously creating 2000 or more services and route objects can cause pods created at the same time to remain in the `ContainerCreating` status. If this problem occurs, entering the `oc describe pod <podname>` command shows events with the following warning: `FailedCreatePodSandBox...failed to configure pod interface: timed out waiting for OVS port binding (ovn-installed)`. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-3470[*OCPBUGS-3470*])
```
